adding STVL documentation (#1442)
ros-planning/navigation2: sphinx_doc/howtos/tutorials/docs/navigation2_with_stvl.rst

.. _navigation2-on-real-turtlebot3:

Navigation2 With External Costmap Plugin
****************************************

- `Overview`_
- `Costmap2D and STVL`_
- `Tutorial Steps`_
- `Videos`_

Overview
========

This tutorial shows how to load and use an external plugin.
This example uses the `Spatio Temporal Voxel Layer <https://github.com/SteveMacenski/spatio_temporal_voxel_layer/>`_ (STVL) costmap `pluginlib <http://wiki.ros.org/pluginlib/>`_ plugin as an example.
STVL is a demonstrative pluginlib plugin and the same process can be followed for other costmap plugins as well as plugin planners, controllers, and recoveries.

> Before completing this tutorial, please look at the previous two tutorials on navigation in simulation and physical hardware, if available.

Author: I think I link the tutorials 2-3 times in the tutorial, I think they can find it haha

> Before completing this tutorial, please look at the previous two tutorials on navigation in simulation and physical hardware, if available.

Reviewer: haha.. Ok. I will make a new tutorial before this one and name it "How to use Navigation2 on a simulated turkey" Are sure you want point people to that tutorial? 😂 jk I think once we have more tutorials, we can put them in an order in different categories and link them to each other properly.

This tutorial assumes knowledge of navigation and basic understanding of costmaps.

Costmap2D and STVL
==================

> Costmap 2D is the software we use to buffer sensor information into a global view that the robot will use to create plans and control efforts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Costmap 2D is the data object we use to buffer sensor information into a global view that the robot will use to create plans and control efforts.
```

> Within Costmap2D, there are pluginlib plugin interfaces available to create custom behaviors loadable at runtime.

Reviewer 2: maybe a link to pluginlib documentation here?

Also 'pluginlib plugin' seems redundantly redundant.

Reviewer 2: Should reading the pluginlib wiki be a pre-requisite?

Author: Sure, I can add the link.

Given this is discussing how to use an existing plugin and not how to create one, I think it would be a little off topic to require the reading, but a link is good. 

I say pluginlib plugin to make sure people know about this thing “pluginlib” which isn’t always something people run into until the navigation stack or moveit.

Reviewer 2: OK, I agree it doesn't need to be a pre-requisite, that makes sense. I think a link will also help clarify the redundancy. Thanks!

Author: Added

An example fully-described parameterization of an STVL configuration is:

.. code-block:: yaml

    stvl_layer:
      enabled: true
      voxel_decay: 15.
      decay_model: 0
      voxel_size: 0.05
      track_unknown_space: true
      max_obstacle_height: 2.0
      unknown_threshold: 15
      mark_threshold: 0
      update_footprint_enabled: true
      combination_method: 1
      obstacle_range: 3.0
      origin_z: 0.0
      publish_voxel_map: true
      transform_tolerance: 0.2
      mapping_mode: false
      map_save_duration: 60.0
      observation_sources: pointcloud
      pointcloud:
        data_type: PointCloud2
        topic: /intel_realsense_r200_depth/points
        marking: true
        clearing: true
        min_obstacle_height: 0.0
        max_obstacle_height: 2.0
        expected_update_rate: 0.0
        observation_persistence: 0.0
        inf_is_valid: false
        voxel_filter: false
        clear_after_reading: true
        max_z: 7.0
        min_z: 0.1
        vertical_fov_angle: 0.8745
        horizontal_fov_angle: 1.048
        decay_acceleration: 15.0
        model_type: 0

> Please copy-paste this blob, with the ``plugin_names`` and ``plugin_types`` registration, into your ``nav2_params.yaml`` to enable STVL in your application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please copy-paste the text above, with the ``plugin_names`` and ``plugin_types`` registration, into your ``nav2_params.yaml`` to enable STVL in your application.
```
